Keva what's your favorite food and who
is a spoiled dog sitting on our bed
while we're having a snack and we're
gonna watch a movie
do you like fries do you like a pro my
love prize prize are so good you like
another fry gosh that's yummy
Keva stop staring at my fries they're
not for you what's that paper oh I love
napkins napkins are the best
do you love Caleb napkins more than
fries
cuz that's kind of gross napkins or a
fry napkins or fry Oh yummy fries do do
you really think that fries are a good
snack for an Irish Wolfhound yes I do
you're eating them rather fast you say
to that
oh that's my napkin I wasn't done with
that hey was it done with that napkin
what's this obsession with more fiber
for your diet that's candy yucky
kiba tree like a napkin or fry that's
kind of pet sad pathetic forget that
look oh I love fries extreme close-ups
mmm
walk on walk on fries are all gone okay
one more
you're officially a junk food junkie
back to the napkin whoa
it's all gone you've eaten all the fries
what do you think about that do you
think about that kind of a bad habit you
have
ketta what's at the door what's at the
door who is it who's at the door